Create ui-c8y-1018-503-160-show-up-to-200-exports-in-the-exports-list-view-instead.md (#3310)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-160-show-up-to-200-exports-in-the-exports-list-view-instead.md

---
date: ""

> title: Increase number of visible exports in list view to 200

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Increased number of visible exports in the exports list
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63576
version: 1018.503.160
---

> Previously, the exports list view in the Cumulocity IoT platform was limited to displaying only the first 100 exports. To provide users with a more comprehensive overview of their available exports, the list view has been enhanced. It now shows up to 200 exports, doubling the number of visible entries. This improvement allows users to conveniently access and manage a larger set of their exports directly from the list view without the need for additional navigation or filtering steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the exports list on the **Export** page was limited to displaying only the first 100 exports. To provide users with a more comprehensive overview of their data exports, the number of visible exports in the list has now been increased to 200. This change allows users to see and manage a larger number of their data exports directly in the list without the need for additional navigation or filtering.
```
